# [Call to Action] Assistance answering Outreachy applicants' questions

The JupyterHub project is currently enrolled to recruit two interns from the
Outreachy project for the `<insert intern dates here>` cohort. This means there
will be an increase in activity in certain channels during `<insert contribution
month here>`, which is Outreachy's Applicant Contribution Period. During the
contribution period, applicants will be working on/contributing to _specific_
issues on the project and may have questions or are looking for feedback/guidance.

Many communities who have been through Outreachy before, including JupyterHub,
note that this can be a very busy and stressful time for those who will be
participating as mentors. So much so that Outreachy has developed a guide for
avoiding/reducing burn-out during this period:
<https://www.outreachy.org/docs/community/#avoiding-mentor-burnout-during-contribution-period>
One suggested tip is to find unofficial volunteers - which brings us to the
purpose of this issue :slightly_smiling_face:

If you come across an Outreachy applicant looking for assistance within our
community, and you can provide the answer/feedback/guidance they are looking for,
lease do so in the kind, thoughtful manner that I know every one of you bring to
this community on a daily basis anyway :heart: If you are unable to answer the
applicant and a few days have passed since the question arose, please check with
one of the mentors or the Community Coordinator to make sure they are aware.
Mentors for this round are `<insert mentor names/handles here>`, and the
Community Coordinator is `<insert coordinator's name/handle here>`.

We really appreciate any time you are able to give to help us during this
contribution period and hopefully we will be able to find some great interns to
join our community!

### Channels where applicants are expected to ask questions

`<Provide a list of channels where you are expecting applicants to engage here,
such as Gitter (link to the specific room), Discourse, or GitHub issues (provide
a link filtering for the microtasks).>`
